Gateway upgrade guide (#952)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/gateway/upgrade/index.md

## Preparation: Choose an upgrade path

{{site.base_gateway}} adheres to a structured approach to versioning its products, which makes a
distinction between major, minor, and patch versions.

The upgrade from 2.x to 3.x is a **major** upgrade.
The lowest version that {{site.base_gateway}} 3.0.x supports migrating from is 2.1.x.

{{site.base_gateway}} does not support directly upgrading from 1.x to 3.x.
If you are running 1.x, upgrade to 2.1.0 first at a minimum, then upgrade to 3.0.x from there.

While you can upgrade directly to the latest version, be aware of any [breaking changes](/gateway/breaking-changes/) 
between the 2.x and 3.x series (both this version and prior versions) and in the Gateway [changelog](/gateway/changelog/).

Upgrade paths are subject to a wide spectrum of conditions, and there is not a one-size-fits-all way applicable to all users.
Factors include, but are not limited to:
* Deployment modes
* Custom plugins
* Technical capabilities or limitations of the environment
* Hardware capacities
* SLA

You should discuss the upgrade process thoroughly and carefully with Kong's support engineers before you take any action.

> We encourage you to stay updated with {{site.base_gateway}} releases, as that helps maintain a smooth upgrade path. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We encourage you to stay up-to-date with {{site.base_gateway}} releases, as that helps maintain a smooth upgrade path. 
```

    
{% endfeature_table %}
<!--vale on-->

## Preparation: Review breaking changes and changelogs

Review the [breaking changes](/gateway/breaking-changes/) and [changelogs](/gateway/changelog/) for the release or 
releases that you are upgrading to. 
Make any preparations or adjustments as directed in the breaking changes.

## Preparation: Upgrade considerations

There are some universal factors that may also influence the upgrade, regardless of your deployment mode.

Selecting a strategy for the target deployment mode doesn't guarantee that you can start the upgrade immediately.
You must also account for the following factors:

* During the upgrade process, no changes can be made to the database. 
Until the upgrade is completed:
  * Don't write to the database via the [Admin API](/admin-api/).
  * Don't operate on the database directly.
  * Don't update configuration through [Kong Manager](/gateway/kong-manager/), 
  [decK](/deck/), or the [kong config CLI](/gateway/cli/#kong-config).
* Review the compatibility between the new version Y and your existing platform. 
Factors may include, but are not limited to:
  * [OS version](/gateway/version-support-policy/#supported-versions)

>   * [Kubernetes version and Helm prerequisites](/kic/version-support-polic/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * [Kubernetes version and Helm prerequisites](/kic/version-support-policy/)
```
